in intkey
Make sure to deploy YCSB chaincode based on README.md. 
height 1
Current TIP = 0
height 1
height 0
polled block 0 : 0 txs 
In the last 2s, tx count = 0 latency = 0 outstanding request = 0
height 1
height 0
In the last 2s, tx count = 0 latency = 0 outstanding request = 22
height 25
height 24
polled block 1 : 13 txs 
polled block 2 : 5 txs 
polled block 3 : 2 txs 
polled block 4 : 1 txs 
polled block 5 : 1 txs 
polled block 6 : 2 txs 
polled block 7 : 1 txs 
polled block 8 : 3 txs 
polled block 9 : 3 txs 
polled block 10 : 1 txs 
polled block 11 : 5 txs 
polled block 12 : 3 txs 
polled block 13 : 2 txs 
polled block 14 : 1 txs 
polled block 15 : 1 txs 
polled block 16 : 2 txs 
polled block 17 : 3 txs 
polled block 18 : 2 txs 
polled block 19 : 3 txs 
polled block 20 : 2 txs 
polled block 21 : 2 txs 
polled block 22 : 2 txs 
polled block 23 : 2 txs 
polled block 24 : 2 txs 
In the last 2s, tx count = 64 latency = 114.419 outstanding request = 20
height 42
height 41
polled block 25 : 2 txs 
polled block 26 : 2 txs 
polled block 27 : 2 txs 
polled block 28 : 1 txs 
polled block 29 : 2 txs 
polled block 30 : 6 txs 
polled block 31 : 3 txs 
polled block 32 : 1 txs 
polled block 33 : 3 txs 
polled block 34 : 6 txs 
polled block 35 : 2 txs 
polled block 36 : 1 txs 
polled block 37 : 1 txs 
polled block 38 : 3 txs 
polled block 39 : 3 txs 
polled block 40 : 7 txs 
polled block 41 : 2 txs 
In the last 2s, tx count = 47 latency = 80.2613 outstanding request = 15
height 62
height 61
polled block 42 : 1 txs 
polled block 43 : 1 txs 
polled block 44 : 1 txs 
polled block 45 : 2 txs 
polled block 46 : 2 txs 
polled block 47 : 3 txs 
polled block 48 : 2 txs 
polled block 49 : 2 txs 
polled block 50 : 2 txs 
polled block 51 : 2 txs 
polled block 52 : 3 txs 
polled block 53 : 5 txs 
polled block 54 : 2 txs 
polled block 55 : 4 txs 
polled block 56 : 2 txs 
polled block 57 : 1 txs 
polled block 58 : 4 txs 
polled block 59 : 1 txs 
polled block 60 : 2 txs 
polled block 61 : 2 txs 
In the last 2s, tx count = 44 latency = 77.535 outstanding request = 17
height 81
height 80
polled block 62 : 2 txs 
polled block 63 : 5 txs 
polled block 64 : 1 txs 
polled block 65 : 2 txs 
polled block 66 : 2 txs 
polled block 67 : 4 txs 
polled block 68 : 3 txs 
polled block 69 : 1 txs 
polled block 70 : 2 txs 
polled block 71 : 4 txs 
polled block 72 : 3 txs 
polled block 73 : 2 txs 
polled block 74 : 5 txs 
polled block 75 : 3 txs 
polled block 76 : 1 txs 
polled block 77 : 1 txs 
polled block 78 : 4 txs 
polled block 79 : 1 txs 
polled block 80 : 2 txs 
In the last 2s, tx count = 48 latency = 79.9701 outstanding request = 21
height 103
height 102
polled block 81 : 4 txs 
polled block 82 : 2 txs 
polled block 83 : 1 txs 
polled block 84 : 2 txs 
polled block 85 : 3 txs 
polled block 86 : 3 txs 
polled block 87 : 3 txs 
polled block 88 : 1 txs 
polled block 89 : 3 txs 
polled block 90 : 2 txs 
polled block 91 : 2 txs 
polled block 92 : 2 txs 
polled block 93 : 4 txs 
polled block 94 : 3 txs 
polled block 95 : 2 txs 
polled block 96 : 1 txs 
polled block 97 : 2 txs 
polled block 98 : 3 txs 
polled block 99 : 4 txs 
polled block 100 : 1 txs 
polled block 101 : 1 txs 
polled block 102 : 2 txs 
In the last 2s, tx count = 51 latency = 86.6865 outstanding request = 27
height 127
height 126
polled block 103 : 3 txs 
polled block 104 : 2 txs 
polled block 105 : 2 txs 
polled block 106 : 3 txs 
polled block 107 : 4 txs 
polled block 108 : 3 txs 
polled block 109 : 3 txs 
polled block 110 : 3 txs 
polled block 111 : 3 txs 
polled block 112 : 2 txs 
polled block 113 : 3 txs 
polled block 114 : 2 txs 
polled block 115 : 1 txs 
polled block 116 : 3 txs 
polled block 117 : 3 txs 
polled block 118 : 2 txs 
polled block 119 : 24 txs 
polled block 120 : 1 txs 
polled block 121 : 2 txs 
polled block 122 : 1 txs 
polled block 123 : 1 txs 
polled block 124 : 2 txs 
polled block 125 : 2 txs 
polled block 126 : 1 txs 
In the last 2s, tx count = 76 latency = 124.586 outstanding request = 19
height 152
height 151
polled block 127 : 2 txs 
polled block 128 : 1 txs 
polled block 129 : 2 txs 
polled block 130 : 3 txs 
polled block 131 : 1 txs 
polled block 132 : 3 txs 
polled block 133 : 3 txs 
polled block 134 : 3 txs 
polled block 135 : 2 txs 
polled block 136 : 3 txs 
polled block 137 : 3 txs 
polled block 138 : 3 txs 
polled block 139 : 1 txs 
polled block 140 : 6 txs 
polled block 141 : 2 txs 
polled block 142 : 2 txs 
polled block 143 : 2 txs 
polled block 144 : 1 txs 
polled block 145 : 2 txs 
polled block 146 : 2 txs 
polled block 147 : 1 txs 
polled block 148 : 2 txs 
polled block 149 : 1 txs 
polled block 150 : 1 txs 
polled block 151 : 3 txs 
In the last 2s, tx count = 55 latency = 88.6639 outstanding request = 29
height 171
height 170
polled block 152 : 2 txs 
polled block 153 : 6 txs 
polled block 154 : 3 txs 
polled block 155 : 1 txs 
polled block 156 : 7 txs 
polled block 157 : 1 txs 
polled block 158 : 1 txs 
polled block 159 : 6 txs 
polled block 160 : 1 txs 
polled block 161 : 1 txs 
polled block 162 : 1 txs 
polled block 163 : 1 txs 
polled block 164 : 1 txs 
polled block 165 : 2 txs 
polled block 166 : 1 txs 
polled block 167 : 2 txs 
polled block 168 : 2 txs 
polled block 169 : 1 txs 
polled block 170 : 2 txs 
In the last 2s, tx count = 42 latency = 79.5302 outstanding request = 22
height 193
height 192
polled block 171 : 1 txs 
polled block 172 : 1 txs 
polled block 173 : 2 txs 
polled block 174 : 3 txs 
polled block 175 : 4 txs 
polled block 176 : 1 txs 
polled block 177 : 3 txs 
polled block 178 : 2 txs 
polled block 179 : 2 txs 
polled block 180 : 5 txs 
polled block 181 : 4 txs 
polled block 182 : 2 txs 
polled block 183 : 3 txs 
polled block 184 : 3 txs 
polled block 185 : 3 txs 
polled block 186 : 3 txs 
polled block 187 : 3 txs 
polled block 188 : 1 txs 
polled block 189 : 2 txs 
polled block 190 : 1 txs 
polled block 191 : 4 txs 
polled block 192 : 3 txs 
In the last 2s, tx count = 56 latency = 96.53 outstanding request = 26
height 217
height 216
polled block 193 : 3 txs 
polled block 194 : 3 txs 
polled block 195 : 1 txs 
polled block 196 : 2 txs 
polled block 197 : 3 txs 
polled block 198 : 3 txs 
polled block 199 : 1 txs 
polled block 200 : 2 txs 
polled block 201 : 3 txs 
polled block 202 : 3 txs 
polled block 203 : 2 txs 
polled block 204 : 3 txs 
polled block 205 : 5 txs 
polled block 206 : 3 txs 
polled block 207 : 1 txs 
polled block 208 : 2 txs 
polled block 209 : 2 txs 
polled block 210 : 4 txs 
polled block 211 : 1 txs 
polled block 212 : 2 txs 
polled block 213 : 5 txs 
polled block 214 : 2 txs 
polled block 215 : 3 txs 
polled block 216 : 2 txs 
In the last 2s, tx count = 61 latency = 105.718 outstanding request = 28
height 240
height 239
polled block 217 : 2 txs 
polled block 218 : 1 txs 
polled block 219 : 2 txs 
polled block 220 : 3 txs 
polled block 221 : 3 txs 
polled block 222 : 3 txs 
polled block 223 : 3 txs 
polled block 224 : 2 txs 
polled block 225 : 7 txs 
polled block 226 : 2 txs 
polled block 227 : 1 txs 
polled block 228 : 3 txs 
polled block 229 : 1 txs 
polled block 230 : 3 txs 
polled block 231 : 3 txs 
polled block 232 : 2 txs 
polled block 233 : 1 txs 
polled block 234 : 3 txs 
polled block 235 : 1 txs 
polled block 236 : 5 txs 
polled block 237 : 3 txs 
polled block 238 : 2 txs 
polled block 239 : 1 txs 
In the last 2s, tx count = 57 latency = 108.951 outstanding request = 31
height 261
height 260
polled block 240 : 1 txs 
polled block 241 : 3 txs 
polled block 242 : 3 txs 
polled block 243 : 1 txs 
polled block 244 : 3 txs 
polled block 245 : 3 txs 
polled block 246 : 4 txs 
polled block 247 : 3 txs 
polled block 248 : 2 txs 
polled block 249 : 2 txs 
polled block 250 : 2 txs 
polled block 251 : 3 txs 
polled block 252 : 3 txs 
polled block 253 : 3 txs 
polled block 254 : 2 txs 
polled block 255 : 4 txs 
polled block 256 : 4 txs 
polled block 257 : 3 txs 
polled block 258 : 3 txs 
polled block 259 : 3 txs 
polled block 260 : 2 txs 
In the last 2s, tx count = 57 latency = 110.064 outstanding request = 30
height 280
height 279
polled block 261 : 3 txs 
polled block 262 : 1 txs 
polled block 263 : 2 txs 
polled block 264 : 2 txs 
polled block 265 : 2 txs 
polled block 266 : 3 txs 
polled block 267 : 2 txs 
polled block 268 : 5 txs 
polled block 269 : 3 txs 
polled block 270 : 3 txs 
polled block 271 : 3 txs 
polled block 272 : 5 txs 
polled block 273 : 3 txs 
polled block 274 : 3 txs 
polled block 275 : 3 txs 
polled block 276 : 6 txs 
polled block 277 : 3 txs 
polled block 278 : 4 txs 
polled block 279 : 2 txs 
In the last 2s, tx count = 58 latency = 109.45 outstanding request = 25
height 298
height 297
polled block 280 : 2 txs 
polled block 281 : 2 txs 
polled block 282 : 1 txs 
polled block 283 : 2 txs 
polled block 284 : 2 txs 
polled block 285 : 3 txs 
polled block 286 : 2 txs 
polled block 287 : 2 txs 
polled block 288 : 6 txs 
polled block 289 : 3 txs 
polled block 290 : 3 txs 
polled block 291 : 3 txs 
polled block 292 : 3 txs 
polled block 293 : 4 txs 
polled block 294 : 4 txs 
polled block 295 : 3 txs 
polled block 296 : 3 txs 
polled block 297 : 2 txs 
In the last 2s, tx count = 50 latency = 96.9318 outstanding request = 27
height 320
height 319
polled block 298 : 1 txs 
polled block 299 : 3 txs 
polled block 300 : 1 txs 
polled block 301 : 2 txs 
polled block 302 : 1 txs 
polled block 303 : 3 txs 
polled block 304 : 2 txs 
polled block 305 : 2 txs 
polled block 306 : 2 txs 
polled block 307 : 3 txs 
polled block 308 : 2 txs 
polled block 309 : 4 txs 
polled block 310 : 3 txs 
polled block 311 : 3 txs 
polled block 312 : 1 txs 
polled block 313 : 3 txs 
polled block 314 : 4 txs 
polled block 315 : 3 txs 
polled block 316 : 3 txs 
polled block 317 : 4 txs 
polled block 318 : 2 txs 
polled block 319 : 2 txs 
In the last 2s, tx count = 54 latency = 108.734 outstanding request = 35
height 344
height 343
polled block 320 : 3 txs 
polled block 321 : 2 txs 
polled block 322 : 2 txs 
polled block 323 : 4 txs 
polled block 324 : 3 txs 
polled block 325 : 4 txs 
polled block 326 : 3 txs 
polled block 327 : 3 txs 
polled block 328 : 3 txs 
polled block 329 : 3 txs 
polled block 330 : 1 txs 
polled block 331 : 3 txs 
polled block 332 : 3 txs 
polled block 333 : 1 txs 
polled block 334 : 3 txs 
polled block 335 : 1 txs 
polled block 336 : 4 txs 
polled block 337 : 3 txs 
polled block 338 : 3 txs 
polled block 339 : 3 txs 
polled block 340 : 3 txs 
polled block 341 : 12 txs 
polled block 342 : 2 txs 
polled block 343 : 2 txs 
In the last 2s, tx count = 74 latency = 137.446 outstanding request = 27
height 370
height 369
polled block 344 : 2 txs 
polled block 345 : 2 txs 
polled block 346 : 1 txs 
polled block 347 : 2 txs 
polled block 348 : 1 txs 
polled block 349 : 3 txs 
polled block 350 : 3 txs 
polled block 351 : 2 txs 
polled block 352 : 3 txs 
polled block 353 : 3 txs 
polled block 354 : 2 txs 
polled block 355 : 3 txs 
polled block 356 : 3 txs 
polled block 357 : 1 txs 
polled block 358 : 3 txs 
polled block 359 : 2 txs 
polled block 360 : 3 txs 
polled block 361 : 1 txs 
polled block 362 : 3 txs 
polled block 363 : 2 txs 
polled block 364 : 3 txs 
polled block 365 : 1 txs 
polled block 366 : 2 txs 
polled block 367 : 3 txs 
polled block 368 : 4 txs 
polled block 369 : 1 txs 
In the last 2s, tx count = 59 latency = 107.87 outstanding request = 35
height 387
height 386
polled block 370 : 3 txs 
polled block 371 : 3 txs 
polled block 372 : 1 txs 
polled block 373 : 3 txs 
polled block 374 : 2 txs 
polled block 375 : 4 txs 
polled block 376 : 4 txs 
polled block 377 : 6 txs 
polled block 378 : 1 txs 
polled block 379 : 3 txs 
polled block 380 : 3 txs 
polled block 381 : 7 txs 
polled block 382 : 5 txs 
polled block 383 : 2 txs 
polled block 384 : 3 txs 
polled block 385 : 2 txs 
polled block 386 : 8 txs 
In the last 2s, tx count = 60 latency = 117.442 outstanding request = 28
height 406
height 405
polled block 387 : 7 txs 
polled block 388 : 2 txs 
polled block 389 : 1 txs 
polled block 390 : 1 txs 
polled block 391 : 2 txs 
polled block 392 : 3 txs 
polled block 393 : 2 txs 
polled block 394 : 2 txs 
polled block 395 : 1 txs 
polled block 396 : 3 txs 
polled block 397 : 4 txs 
polled block 398 : 4 txs 
polled block 399 : 3 txs 
polled block 400 : 3 txs 
polled block 401 : 4 txs 
polled block 402 : 3 txs 
polled block 403 : 3 txs 
polled block 404 : 4 txs 
polled block 405 : 5 txs 
In the last 2s, tx count = 57 latency = 111.51 outstanding request = 34
height 426
height 425
polled block 406 : 4 txs 
polled block 407 : 2 txs 
polled block 408 : 1 txs 
polled block 409 : 3 txs 
polled block 410 : 4 txs 
polled block 411 : 3 txs 
polled block 412 : 4 txs 
polled block 413 : 2 txs 
polled block 414 : 3 txs 
polled block 415 : 4 txs 
polled block 416 : 3 txs 
polled block 417 : 5 txs 
polled block 418 : 2 txs 
polled block 419 : 4 txs 
polled block 420 : 3 txs 
polled block 421 : 2 txs 
polled block 422 : 3 txs 
polled block 423 : 2 txs 
polled block 424 : 2 txs 
polled block 425 : 4 txs 
In the last 2s, tx count = 60 latency = 127.602 outstanding request = 31
height 443
height 442
polled block 426 : 2 txs 
polled block 427 : 5 txs 
polled block 428 : 2 txs 
polled block 429 : 3 txs 
polled block 430 : 4 txs 
polled block 431 : 4 txs 
polled block 432 : 2 txs 
polled block 433 : 4 txs 
polled block 434 : 2 txs 
polled block 435 : 4 txs 
polled block 436 : 2 txs 
polled block 437 : 3 txs 
polled block 438 : 3 txs 
polled block 439 : 3 txs 
polled block 440 : 2 txs 
polled block 441 : 1 txs 
polled block 442 : 8 txs 
In the last 2s, tx count = 54 latency = 114.427 outstanding request = 38
height 462
height 461
polled block 443 : 2 txs 
polled block 444 : 2 txs 
polled block 445 : 4 txs 
polled block 446 : 3 txs 
polled block 447 : 3 txs 
polled block 448 : 3 txs 
polled block 449 : 4 txs 
polled block 450 : 3 txs 
polled block 451 : 3 txs 
polled block 452 : 3 txs 
polled block 453 : 1 txs 
polled block 454 : 4 txs 
polled block 455 : 3 txs 
polled block 456 : 11 txs 
polled block 457 : 4 txs 
polled block 458 : 12 txs 
polled block 459 : 2 txs 
polled block 460 : 2 txs 
polled block 461 : 1 txs 
In the last 2s, tx count = 70 latency = 141.969 outstanding request = 28
height 479
height 478
polled block 462 : 3 txs 
polled block 463 : 4 txs 
polled block 464 : 2 txs 
polled block 465 : 2 txs 
polled block 466 : 2 txs 
polled block 467 : 3 txs 
polled block 468 : 3 txs 
polled block 469 : 1 txs 
polled block 470 : 3 txs 
polled block 471 : 4 txs 
polled block 472 : 5 txs 
polled block 473 : 3 txs 
polled block 474 : 2 txs 
polled block 475 : 3 txs 
polled block 476 : 3 txs 
polled block 477 : 3 txs 
polled block 478 : 3 txs 
In the last 2s, tx count = 49 latency = 97.2105 outstanding request = 34
height 500
height 499
polled block 479 : 3 txs 
polled block 480 : 1 txs 
polled block 481 : 2 txs 
polled block 482 : 1 txs 
polled block 483 : 4 txs 
polled block 484 : 2 txs 
polled block 485 : 5 txs 
polled block 486 : 3 txs 
polled block 487 : 1 txs 
polled block 488 : 3 txs 
polled block 489 : 4 txs 
polled block 490 : 3 txs 
polled block 491 : 4 txs 
polled block 492 : 2 txs 
polled block 493 : 3 txs 
polled block 494 : 3 txs 
polled block 495 : 3 txs 
polled block 496 : 4 txs 
polled block 497 : 2 txs 
polled block 498 : 2 txs 
polled block 499 : 3 txs 
In the last 2s, tx count = 58 latency = 124.557 outstanding request = 32
height 519
height 518
polled block 500 : 7 txs 
polled block 501 : 2 txs 
polled block 502 : 2 txs 
polled block 503 : 5 txs 
polled block 504 : 3 txs 
polled block 505 : 1 txs 
polled block 506 : 3 txs 
polled block 507 : 4 txs 
polled block 508 : 2 txs 
polled block 509 : 2 txs 
polled block 510 : 1 txs 
polled block 511 : 8 txs 
polled block 512 : 3 txs 
polled block 513 : 3 txs 
polled block 514 : 2 txs 
polled block 515 : 2 txs 
polled block 516 : 3 txs 
polled block 517 : 3 txs 
polled block 518 : 3 txs 
In the last 2s, tx count = 59 latency = 121.911 outstanding request = 26
height 541
height 540
polled block 519 : 3 txs 
polled block 520 : 2 txs 
polled block 521 : 2 txs 
polled block 522 : 2 txs 
polled block 523 : 1 txs 
polled block 524 : 3 txs 
polled block 525 : 5 txs 
polled block 526 : 3 txs 
polled block 527 : 2 txs 
polled block 528 : 4 txs 
polled block 529 : 3 txs 
polled block 530 : 2 txs 
polled block 531 : 2 txs 
polled block 532 : 2 txs 
polled block 533 : 1 txs 
polled block 534 : 4 txs 
polled block 535 : 2 txs 
polled block 536 : 1 txs 
polled block 537 : 2 txs 
polled block 538 : 3 txs 
polled block 539 : 1 txs 
polled block 540 : 3 txs 
In the last 2s, tx count = 53 latency = 100.735 outstanding request = 34
height 559
height 558
polled block 541 : 3 txs 
polled block 542 : 1 txs 
polled block 543 : 3 txs 
polled block 544 : 2 txs 
polled block 545 : 6 txs 
polled block 546 : 2 txs 
polled block 547 : 2 txs 
polled block 548 : 1 txs 
polled block 549 : 2 txs 
polled block 550 : 1 txs 
polled block 551 : 1 txs 
polled block 552 : 4 txs 
polled block 553 : 1 txs 
polled block 554 : 1 txs 
polled block 555 : 1 txs 
polled block 556 : 1 txs 
polled block 557 : 1 txs 
polled block 558 : 1 txs 
In the last 2s, tx count = 34 latency = 81.1799 outstanding request = 1
height 559
height 558
In the last 2s, tx count = 0 latency = 0 outstanding request = 1
height 559
height 558
In the last 2s, tx count = 0 latency = 0 outstanding request = 1
height 559
height 558
In the last 2s, tx count = 0 latency = 0 outstanding request = 1
height 559
height 558
In the last 2s, tx count = 0 latency = 0 outstanding request = 1
height 559
height 558
In the last 2s, tx count = 0 latency = 0 outstanding request = 1
